Fix #3791 and add `enabled_if` documentation for rule (#3831)
ocaml/dune: doc/dune-files.rst

- ``(package <package>)`` specify the package this rule belongs to. This rule
  will be unavailable when installing other packages in release mode.

- ``(enabled_if <blang expression>)`` specifies the boolean condition that must

>   be true for the tests to run. The condition is specified using the :ref:`blang`, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  be true for the rule to be evaluated. The condition is specified using the :ref:`blang`, and
```

Reviewer: Or maybe "to be considered" ? Not sure about the wording.
